Really? iPad Air? Lame sauce.
Ipad Air.    In Love!!
So wait, why is Apple calling the new iPads, iPad Air?
New iPad Air  
iPad Air! http://t.co/u3qPLRIJs5
New iPad called iPad Air, weight one pound.
They've renamed the iPad 'iPad Air' #AppleKeynote
IPAD AIR WHAAAAAT #AppleEvent
iPad Air weighs in at just 1 lbs.
The all new ipad air is amazing!
iPad Air weighs 450 grams, down from 640. That is a selling point for me. (3rd gen iPad is too heavy to hold comfortably while reading.)
1 lb. lightest full size tablet in the world. iPad Air
I want the new iPad Air and Mac Pro
Welcome, iPad Air. Not bad at all.
iPad Air.  Breathtaking.
A pound. iPad Air. But i see no Touch ID. Is an iPad Pro next?
iPad Air, because why not change the name again?
iPad Air!!!!!!
And I will call him Mini me  oh, sorry  iPad Air.  No word on its performance being frisbee'd across the room.
LMFAO iPad air WELL DONE #apple
omg! Ipad air!!!!!!!!!! Thinner n lighter!
IPad Mini your days are number. iPad Air you will be mine!
Why don't I have an iPad Air yet? Uncool.
#iPad Air. http://t.co/BAGUv0504b
They call it the iPad Air !!!!
i want an iPad Air
iPad Air!!!!!  
The new iPad Air is now filled with helium to make it even lighter
iPad Air is a dumb name unless they are going to keep making thick ones too. #justipad
I want an iPad Air lol
The new iPad Air weighs as much as one pound of air
the iPad air. really?
Ipad air with touch I'd?
iPad Air? Not so sure how I feel about this name.
Apple announces iPad Air, weighs one pound. 
iPad Air!  
iPad AIR WTF
r u going get a iPad Air
New #iPad is called the iPad Air and it only weights 1Lb.
#iPad Air
iPad Air!!!
iPad air
I wish I actually used my iPad because the iPad Air looks pretty sweet.
I have an iPad Air under my tongue.
New ipad air! Yep it's got a new name http://t.co/wORkws9jKA
iPad Air? Lol
Do want the iPad Air!
So, does the name iPad Air mean that there will be an iPad Pro sometime soon?
OK iPad air - now i'm listening
iPad Air  baby!
New iPad is called iPad air and it only weighs 1 pound!!! http://t.co/I9UqeqYonk
The new IPad is IPad Air! Awesome! #AppleEvent
The iPad Air Pro will be iPaP @mollywood  #cnetlive
IPad air? I'll reserve judgement till android 4.4 Kitkat is released.
iPad Air has A7.  Which means it has the secure enclave.  Which means it could have Touch ID.
iPad Air has the new 64-bit A7 chip, M7 motion co-processor. 72x faster graphics than iPad 1.
iPad Air !!!! #apple. Gotta admit when they first came out I was sceptical.   Sometimes it's good to be wrong.   #genius
It was an iPad Air.
Will there be a trade in program where I can trade in my iPad for the new iPad Air? I wants it!!
It's the iPad Air it blows everything away like air does  #AAPL
Want a iPad Air!
If there is an iPad Air then there will be an iPad Pro coming up! #CNETLive
OMG I  am so buying the new iPad Air!!!