I need the upgrade, but I finda 'iPad Air' kinda lame. What's next: Earth, Wind and Fire?! with oversized cover and glitter back? Yummy.
@Cyrdup I mean iPad Air is a lame name
Apple shows off iPad air but I don't see the innovation....
iPad Air?! Seriously?
juz another of apple way to trick people into buyin "the new iPad air" when it's juz a normal iPad that is thinner
I doubt if anyone's really excited about iPad Air.
Think tech is not this developed, that it'll make sense to sell half things.
Always when the #apple logo shows up, i am afraid my iMac is broken #appleevent
Honestly Tim Cook is struggling hard at this #apple event right now.
Boring boring updates.
Tim Cook is a baaad presenter
Tim Cook has been way off this morning, stuttering, umm-ing
Tim cook is a little off though. 
For god's sake, tuck that shirt in.
The Mac Pro I'm kind of scared.
Internal hardware isn't as sexy anymore...
When it's not it's not.
It will only cost you a small child! 
Mac Pro!! Whatever!!
Whoooo! MacPro priced at $2999 that's very very expensive... Dang.. #apple #keynote
Apple is dropping bombs right now.
Apple just made drummers obsolete #appleevent
the new  drummer  feature in #garageband is insane!
if i wanted BBM i would buy a blackberry!
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear
What is going on with the @DOTA2 servers?
It's all lies! They're not even square!
Young kid with no soul and a change of heart
Why have they kept a device with the old connector and non Retina still going. #apple #appleevent
That was terrible.
Disappointing, guys. You better bring out your big guns next Fall.  #Apple
Hopeless -_-
Really? iPad Air? Lame sauce.
IPad Mini your days are number.
iPad Air is a dumb name unless they are going to keep making thick ones too. #justipad
the iPad air . really?
iPad AIR :O WTF
iPad Air: The Easiest iPad To Shatter Ever!
The iPad Air is \"faster at wifi\"
Always disliked the name IPad and dislike iPad Air even more.
\"iPad Air is almost 2 mm thinner than the previous one.\" somewhere on this planet someone thinks this is news @wired Yaaaawwwnnnn!
iPad Air? Really? I could almost see people in the audience forcing themselves not to laugh... #AppleKeynote
iPad air? No touch id, still 16 gig base after 5 years, still selling the iPad 2... No thank you #AppleKeynote #applefail
And Apple just killed any chance of widespread success with the cost of the iPad Air. iPad isn't a laptop replacement, it's an add-on
iPad air is the stupidest name I've heard
No Touch ID for the iPad Air or iPad Mini though. Boo. #TSApple
The new iPad Air is disappointing. 
Slightly more expensive
Only disappointment: No Touch ID on iPad Air. Oh and the name, WTF? #Apple
iPad air?.. LOL
You don't need an iPad Air!
I'd break an iPad air in a sec.
My timeline currently: Lame jokes about iPad air
Sounds weird.
Won't buy it though.
@Bartelbyintpub The new name for the full-size iPad.  iPad Air  A total disappointment. No Touch ID on either iPad model.
I think the iPad Air is going to be the first iPad I'm going to skip.
Soooo will there be a 64gb iPad Air, or does it only come in 16GB? If so, then that's stupid. 
iPad Air looks neat and all but it's not a difference maker 
Apples innovation unfortunately died with Jobs
my Galaxy Tab2 was a big disappointment in so many ways, especially content-wise.
ipad air. L O L wtf apple :/
DON'T get the iPad 2!
Not as good as my MacBook though
iPad Air, smh. Apple's ideas are getting worse and worse
Really, Apple? The iPad Air? Really?
iPad air is so stupid
iPad Air is so pointless lol
Another, probable pointless tablet, the iPad air
Won't buy the new iPad Air
iPad Air doesn't look like anything new
Today's announcement of the iPad air a new reason to say apple sucks worthless pay more for the same damn thing. #applesucks
They made the iPad Air. I got excited for nothing.
Not so innovative.
Wth apple ur running out of ideas