I am kindly accepting iPad Air as gifts for Xmas. #FYI
I want an IPad Air for Christmas! #please #Christmas #iPadAir #amazing
the device is nice
Slimming down, speeding up
#notbad
iPad air looks great
I want a to buy a iPad air
Cannot wait to get my hands on it! 
Finally, iPad Air is here. Another revolutionary product from Apple. Must have!
Sounds coolio!
#apple just blown my mind off!
It is like a holiday for me, watching the #Apple keynote event and downloading updates. This is bigger to me than Christmas.
I like your beard
That was actually a really good presentation. Probably the best Apple keynotes we've seen are from this year. No bad points. 
Mavericks OS X free? Nice... 
I work for the coolest company in the World 
Thankful to God for another day  
Ipad Air..  In Love!!
The all new ipad air is amazing!
iPad Air weighs 450 grams, down from 640. *That* is a selling point for me. (3rd gen iPad is too heavy to hold comfortably while reading.)
1 lb. lightest full size tablet in the world. iPad Air
I want the new iPad Air and Mac Pro
Welcome, iPad Air. Not bad at all.
iPad Air.  Breathtaking.
LMFAO iPad air WELL DONE #apple
@Sherphisticated omg! Ipad air!!!!!!!!!! Thinner n lighter!
Why don't I have an iPad Air yet? Uncool.
I want an iPad Air lol
OK iPad air - now i'm listening
iPad Air  baby!
The new IPad is IPad Air! Awesome! #AppleEvent
It's the iPad Air it blows everything away like air does  #AAPL
Want a iPad Air!
@JanoJanete @applelizados iPad AIR! Love it
iPad Air looks sweet!
And I totally want one. Like right now
Wow ipad air
Looks like an insta-buy to me
iPad Air! Aaaaawsomeeee!!!
The iPad Air looks amazing. Totally want one.
iPad Air, wow smaller, lighter, quicker so worth the  400 upgrade :-p
I'm a pretty big fan of the iPad Air.
The new Mini is sweet.
The new iPad Air is just sooo gorgeous!!
New iPads look epic, can't wait to get the iPad Air for college :)
I LOVE the iPad Air ad.
I like the new iPad Air advert
The iPad Air ad looks great!
iPad Air. Apple for the win. 
iPad Air that sounds so sick!!
I LOVE the concept of the iPad Air's ad
Good idea
@seamus One iPad Air please.
I want an iPad air. :)
Loved the event even more than I expected.
The new iPad Air does look nice..
Can't wait for the new iPad Air
iPad air is cute
iPad Air is TWICE as fast, 20% thinner,
Getting me an iPad air!
iPad air has just been added to the Christmas list  
iPad Air - A valid way to blow more money
iPad Air ON!!!!
Woo preordering the iPad Air  
iPad air..... Interesting.
One of best ads Apple's ever done.
I'm definitely copping an iPad air
The new iPad Air rocks!!!
iPad air is so majestic..
An iPad Air is what I need.
he new iPad Air looks pretty slick
My gawd. Ipad air. Is just fabulous. 
OS X Mavericks is perfect
The iPad Air is seriously impressive.
tasty very tasty indeed